okay now I'm for part three I believe
and this is my case that carries or
holds all of my loose virtual random
virtual pets this case is actually kind
of special because my husband and I
found this at an antique mall about four
years ago and it is an antique Korean
jewelry chest it's got this little lock
on it put the can makes that piece go
out there it's kind of hard to do
one-handed just like that it comes off
okay
first thing we're gonna do let's pull
out this top tray which I consider like
my utility tray this thing is getting
way overflowed here's some lanyards from
the soft cases I bought which tells me I
have a third one I need to find this is
my multimeter actually my husband's that
I stole I don't know if I can get this
open one-handed no I can't anyway excuse
me this is to measure the amount of
charge in any kind of battery you can
think of it's really great for cell
batteries trying to figure out how much
charge they have left in them and make
sure you don't mix different charges in
your older Thomas so I'd suggest getting
one of these adult packets this I got
off of ebay these are the AG 13s lr44 s
whatever you want to call them they're
the batteries that go with the vintage
Thomas now this was a pack of 50 I got
this for $3 including shipping from Hong
Kong off of ebay I highly suggest if you
need any kind of batteries go to ebay
buy them from a Hong Kong seller you
will save a lot of money and I've
checked these with the multimeter they
are all fresh and still have a great
charge okay this is just a random
screwdriver set that I have I kind of
collect most of those in here oh and
something I forgot to put in here
this should be in here are these nicer
electronic screws screwdrivers and this
is my other precision screwdriver set I
like to keep in here this I got photos
of eBay - these are screen protectors
and screen cleaners I got in a pack for
believe 250 with shipping these are
actually used for cell phones you can
buy universal ones which I actually do
have something stick in here you just
cut them out to the size of your screen
and sticks right on the screen and you
won't scratch your trauma screen and if
it gets scratched you just peel it off
and stick on another one they're great
this is a pack of cr2032 s which go in
most of the modern virtual pets this is
a pack of 20 I believe I got off of ebay
for about 250 including shipping so once
again buy batteries off of ebay they are
so much cheaper you'll save a lot of
money and here are some instruction
booklets that I've saved I don't have
all of them for some reason they've got
to be in storage somewhere so but that's
what I usually keep in my top okay
we'll do a few of these and then
probably go on to the part for this is
the newer giga Pet I don't think they
were done very well they are I'd say
pretty boring after a while the graphics
are really nice it's just they don't die
and there's just there's only so much to
do and I just don't think they're very
entertaining I don't think they did as
well on these as they did the originals
because I was a real fan of the original
geetha pets but this is the hamster that
came in the pack and I have the whole
pack it's just the rest of it that hooks
to your TV's in another storage area so
this is my dark blue Yuki penguin you
usually don't see the dark blue usually
I see the teal so when I saw this I was
like oh I have to have that I don't
having yet I've got him on pause when my
ocean came in so I won't start him again
this is my Giga pet bit critter he's a
little different than the other Giga
pets he's he doesn't have as much detail
in his menus and things but he's a
little different he's a little hard to
figure out because he doesn't have all
the meters that everyone else does like
the health meters and all of that so
he's he's kind of difficult to figure
out
but he's still cute then I thought I'm
not really sure why I've stuck this one
in here I think this is like a gorilla
caveman one I haven't played him yet but
I've seen a new package of it online but
I think he's kind of funny and one day I
might run him this is my 101 dalmatians
Giga pet I gotten a lot a baby t-rex
lost world Giga pet haven't run this one
yet cuz I usually run my dinkie dino
fauna and do it Dino
the Sabrina the Teenage Witch Salem the
cat Giga pet it's a black cat and sort
of the regular
kind of light color looking cat on the
normal one these are my two floppy frogs
now both of these have the second wife
speakers there's a first wave speaker in
a second wave speaker the first wave
just beats the second wave of the Giga
pets actually makes the animal noises
and I don't know if anybody else has had
problems but for some reason I've had
three floppy frogs and none of their
speakers work I it seems like over time
they have just degraded and I have yet
to see someone who still has a working
speaker I'd really be interested in
talking to somebody who does but for
some reason these do not rip it anymore
and I hope I can fix them one day these
are two computer koalas now I have a
first wave speaker and then I also have
a second wave speaker I have never had
one the second way when it still works
this is also one that the second wave
speaker went out I don't know if they
just made them cheap or what but they
just don't work anyway that's another
one I hope I can fix one though and I'm
gonna go ahead and end this video here
since it's getting kind of long and
we'll go on to part four